Version 2.0                  CAROUSEL TOOLKIT(tm)                      CP/M-80

                       Disk-MAN, MAN ADD-A-TOOLKIT(tm)

Files  on  this  diskette  are  copyrighted (c), 1983, by Carousel MicroTools,
Inc., and may be used  only  in  accordance  with  a  duly  executed  software
license from Carousel MicroTools, Inc. 

The  man-Tool  is  an  Add-a-ToolKit(tm) to the Carousel Use-a-ToolKit and can
operate only under the control of the Carousel shell Tool. 

The Man ToolBook diskette contains files that allow you to  read  descriptions
of  Tools  at  your  terminal.   It  consists  of  an archive file doc.ar that
contains the format output for  all  the  Tools,  and  tools  to  extract  the
individual  descriptions.  The Tool descriptions have been formatted for a CRT
with 80 columns.  They appear slightly different from the printed  manual  but
contain exactly the same text. 

FILES

man.tol
   is  the  man  Tool  described  in  the accompaning printed manual page.  It
   looks for the Tool descriptions in files named toolname.doc in the  current
   directory. 

script1
   is  a  script  to  extract  toolname.doc  files  from  the archive file and
   display them at the terminal.  It is useful if you leave  the  descriptions
   in archive format. 

script2
   is  a  script that just uses the crt Tool to display a toolname.doc file at
   the terminal.  It is an alternative to man.tol. 

doc.ar
   is  the  archive  file  with  the  Tool  descriptions  in   members   named
   toolname.doc and a list of all the .doc files in an member named list. 

man.ar
   is  an archive file containing the ratfor source for the man Tool.  You can
   change the MAN_DIRECTORY definition to name the  directory  containing  the
   toolname.doc files if you have the Carousel Build-a ToolKit(tm). 

INSTALLATION

1) Make a copy of the diskette. 

2) Deside  if  you  are going to keep the descriptions in archive format or in
   individual files.  The archive takes at least 223Kb of disk space;  the  65
   .doc files take about 272Kb. 

3) If you want individual files, copy doc.ar to a directory and then enter
      ar -pt doc.ar list | ar -x doc.ar
   to extract all the .doc files. 

4) Modify  one  of  the  scripts or the man Tool as necessary to reference the
   directory containing the descriptions.   Copy  the  selected  one  to  your
   resident  Tool  directory.   If  you are using one of the scripts rename it
   (to manual for example). 
